drivers: led: add a Linux LED native_sim driver (#111189)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/native/native_sim/doc/index.rst

  SocketCAN support can be enabled by using the :ref:`snippet-socketcan-native-sim`.

**LED device**

>   Implements a Zephyr LED device backed by a Linux LED, just provide the name

Reviewer: Minor suggestion:
```suggestion
  Implements a Zephyr LED device backed by a Linux LED. You configure which Linux LED to use by setting the DT `path` property to the name
```
